README.md, before:

### A collection of small research on NBA data

**List research**

1. [3pa_rolling_diff](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/3pa_rolling_diff) - min and max 3P% on 50 and 300 shots window for top-20 3PA players.
2. [avg_dist_shot](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/avg_dist_shot) - scatter chart average distance for 2PT and 3PT attempts
3. [clutch_tracker](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/clutch_tracker) - work with weights features for inpredictable [**The Jerry West Clutch Player of the Year Tracker**](http://stats.inpredictable.com/nba/jerryWest.php)
4. [distribution_possesions](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/distribution_possesions) - compare count possessions teams in seasons 2020/21 and 2021/22.
5. [foul_by_team](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/foul_by_team) - fouls per game by teams in seasons 2011/12 - 2022/23.
6. [min_sweep](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/min_sweep) - minimal difference in points when teams loss playoff series 0-4
7. [points_streak](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/points_streak) - game summary charts with points streak information.
8. [salary](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/salary) - analysis of the distribution of top 10 salaries of teams relative to league.
9. [shift_loc_x](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/shift_loc_x) - analysis of the deviation of team's shots from the central axis of the court.
10. [two_different_segments_season](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/two_different_segments_season) - comparison of two parts of the season 2021/22
11. [unassisted_fg](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/unassisted_fg) - precent unassisted fg by teams and players in season 2022/23

Commit message:

add description team_win_series

README.md, after:

### A collection of small research on NBA data

**List research**

1. [3pa_rolling_diff](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/3pa_rolling_diff) - min and max 3P% on 50 and 300 shots window for top-20 3PA players.
2. [avg_dist_shot](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/avg_dist_shot) - scatter chart average distance for 2PT and 3PT attempts
3. [clutch_tracker](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/clutch_tracker) - work with weights features for inpredictable [**The Jerry West Clutch Player of the Year Tracker**](http://stats.inpredictable.com/nba/jerryWest.php)
4. [distribution_possesions](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/distribution_possesions) - compare count possessions teams in seasons 2020/21 and 2021/22.
5. [foul_by_team](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/foul_by_team) - fouls per game by teams in seasons 2011/12 - 2022/23.
6. [min_sweep](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/min_sweep) - minimal difference in points when teams loss playoff series 0-4
7. [points_streak](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/points_streak) - game summary charts with points streak information.
8. [salary](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/salary) - analysis of the distribution of top 10 salaries of teams relative to league.
9. [shift_loc_x](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/shift_loc_x) - analysis of the deviation of team's shots from the central axis of the court.
10. [team_win_series](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/team_win_series) - longest active series of wins of one team over another in the NBA
11. [two_different_segments_season](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/two_different_segments_season) - comparison of two parts of the season 2021/22
12. [unassisted_fg](https://github.com/shufinskiy/nba_various/tree/main/unassisted_fg) - precent unassisted fg by teams and players in season 2022/23
